---
date: 2026-02-16
week: 8
year: 2026
published: 2026-02-23
--- 
- The week started off with a poorly Izzy. It was all very horrible but she’s been fine since. The vets were very good and offered us advice. She was a tired dog for the rest of the day but soon perked up after a good sleep.
- Set up Ubuntu on my laptop via WSL. Apparently it’s the way to go for bleeding edge development these days. It all seems to be working really well. VS Code has no issues working with the remote service. Docker works like a charm. And yes, it’s very fast.
- A glorious takeaway from Dipali in Blaby. Diet starts tomorrow?
- Playing with another new app prototype in my spare time. I should’ve been tidying the house. Exciting stuff though.
- Rehearsed with [Everything In-Between](https://www.everythinginbetween.uk/). We’re sounding amazing. I was dialing in the tone on my new Helix. It’s frustrating but when it’s right it sounds great.
- Set up an old tablet we used to use for open mics. It has a great screen but a slow refresh rate and less RAM than should be able to adequately run Android properly. I’ve been using it for reading my RSS feeds and newspaper articles. It runs Kindle very well too.
- Navigating the modern world of health apps and managed to use the NHS app to triage and get a same day appointment. I’ve had a persistent headache for a while now. Turns out it was a neck muscle and I needed to adjust my monitor height…
- Used the treadmill for the second time. I’m not breaking records anytime soon. I will get healthy before my body collapses from sitting at a desk for 12 hours a day.
- Played Clair Obscur streaming to friends. I still blame controller latency for missing a parry most of the time.
- Resumed teaching music theory to a friend. We covered chord voicing and some more note to fretboard training.
- Rehearsed with [Amy Dx](https://www.amydx.uk/) and band. Tightening a few screws ready for [our gig in march](https://amydx.sumupstore.com/product/amy-dx-and-the-river-single-ticket). Sounding absolutely wicked.
- Met up with a few members of an unannounced project at Carlton Park in Enderby. Great chatting and I managed not to over-caffeinate myself this time.
- A great evening with friends in Blaby enjoying a takeaway from the Thai Kitchen at the Plough Inn in Littlethorpe. So good to catch up. Belly laughs and good chats.
- Started reading a book called Burnout by Emily and Amelia Nagoski. I’m a slow reader but the first few pages were eye opening.
- Enjoyed spending time with family at the New Inn in Enderby. We didn’t take Izzy with us this time. It was too muddy in the fields. Hopefully we get at least some dry weather going forward and can easily take her out again.
- Enjoyed an evening at the Railway open mic in Countesthorpe with [Altered Ego](https://www.instagram.com/wearealteredego). Great hosts! I played a few originals this time.