---
date: 2026-02-09
week: 7
year: 2026
published: 2026-02-15
--- 
- Back to work after a week off. Managed to tick some things off the list before getting stuck back into coding. Later in the week I managed to fix a really irking developer experience bug that had been plaguing me for months.
- Continued coding various unannounced apps. It’s great getting early feedback from users and being able to quickly iterate. The newly activated Google Cloud CDN has actually meant that my deployments don’t take time to refresh the cache which I thought was an odd side-effect.
- Got the cars cleaned professionally. They were in dire state. One of my considerations wasn’t how damp they’d get inside. This has lead to me buying a giant dehumidifier which has been working really well to dry the cars.
- Had a glorious steak meal at Middletons in Leicester with a friend. Superb.
- Had a glorious calzone at Oggi in Kibworth with Amy for an early Valentines meal. Great times.
- Having sworn off food for the week my goldfish mind soon forgot and I was at my third meal out with a friend at Pesto in Desford. I could only manage two small plates but it was delicious nonetheless.
- Played through the second half on Doom: Knee Deep in the Dead on my Switch Lite. An absolute masterpiece. I managed to look fairly competent using the built in controls on Hurt Me Plenty difficulty.
- On Saturday I gigged with my old duo partner Tasha. We used to run too many open mic nights and Tasha still does. We were invited to play the Valentines Winter Sessions at the SoundHouse in Leicester. We were thoroughly unprepared but shone on the stage (if I do say so myself). We received great praise which was very nice!
- A lazy Sunday. The weather has been awful so we mostly stayed in. I did manage a stint on our new treadmill. As I type my legs are cramped. I really need to work on my fitness.