---
date: 2026-01-05
week: 2
year: 2026
published: 2026-01-12
--- 
- Back to work! Spent most of Monday remembering what I do for a living and figuring out what messes I’d left myself in.
- Taught a music theory lesson to a friend. I’ve been doing this regularly and it’s great to revisit some of the technical stuff behind the music I so thoroughly love.
- Visit my parents and grabbed my brother for a birthday celebration. The traffic was awful but we had a lovely time.
- Me and Amy headed to Fort Kochi, a new restaurant in Blaby. It was delicious. I risked it opting for the hot spice option but managed.
- A few open mic updates adding January dates from Altered Ego and updating the schedule for the SoundHouse. I also pushed some review writing for my website.
- Submitted my second album ‘Connections’ for publishing. I had listened to the final tracks for a week or so to make sure I was happy. Watch this space!
- In the evenings I’ve been attempting Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 on my PC with a twist. I struggle to play video games but having friends cheer me on and help me out has been great. I’ve streamed my sessions on Discord chatting away and gathering advice. It also keeps me accountable.
- Visited Nandos in Fosse Park for a glorious time and good post-holiday catch-up with a close friend. All is well.
- Booted up [Quake Brutalist Jam 3](https://www.slipseer.com/index.php?resources/quake-brutalist-jam-iii.549/), a glorious community driven overhaul of the original Quake game from id Software. I would never survive on my own due to my inability to “get good” as my brother calls it. He helped me out on a cooperative multiplayer session, although sadly modern Quake source ports [still suffer the same issues we’ve had before trying to play the game together](https://github.com/andrei-drexler/ironwail/issues/394).
- Worked on a logo for an as-yet unannounced project. I do not consider myself to be a graphic designer but I’m fairly happy with it! As with any tech related product, the logo and branding are surely the post important steps.
- Me and Amy caught another episode of Severance on Apple TV. We’re about midway through the second season. I love it but it hits too close to home.
- An evening of rather heavy snow! It doesn’t affect my commute like it used to…
- We headed to Leicester town for a meal with friends before heading to an annual gathering for a friend’s birthday celebrations. It was a lovely time. We were eventually turfed out by the bar-staff as it was closing time.
- Hosted a lovely gathering on Saturday evening. Cheerful takeaway food is the perfect antidote to the January blues. Izzy enjoyed playing with her friends and was very well behaved. She was sad after everyone had gone.
- Managed some Pokemon Shining Pearl on my Switch Lite after a bit of an absence picking it up. I say a bit, it was 6 months. I managed a half-hour session mostly frolicking and remembering how to play.
- Izzy and Karol the guide dog enjoyed another good run together. The weather held out despite the harsh cold wind. They enjoyed playing with patches of snow and ice. We weren’t rushing around this time so enjoyed a lovely time with family at the pub.