---
date: 2026-01-12
week: 3
year: 2026
published: 2026-01-19
--- 
- Updated [my website’s RSS feed](/rss.xml) to provide all types of posts. Previously it was only forwarding posts under the ‘writing’ section. This was by design, so as not to muddy the feed with reviews and demos, but given the sparseness of my published writing I thought it was worth a change.
- Went on a big walk with a friend around the fields around Desford. I thought it was going to be a light walk. I nearly passed out. Great fun and great catching up.
- Continued my music theory teaching to a friend.
- Amy cooked a bloody gorgeous lasagna. I ate too much and fell to sleep pretty much instantly afterwards.
- More walking. I headed to Blaby and grabbed a flat white while I was waiting. Great fun listening to audiobooks as I went. I should make a habit of walking more.
- Resurrected my Meetup profile in anticipation for attending a tech meet in Nottingham later in the month. Looking forward to this!
- A very wet walk with Amy and Izzy to Blaby and back. We knew it was going to rain. It was light when we set off, a lot heavier getting back. It didn’t matter!
- A great evening and a delicious meal at Chutney Ivy arriving just after the theatre rush. We attended an open jam night arranged by Honeyguides at the Real Ale Classroom. It was lovely catching this event and chatting to new faces in the community. I did a bit on the guitar and bass, naturally.
- Desford to see friends. We collected a beautiful takeaway from Great China in Ratby. A glorious evening.
- [New website and press kit for Amy Dx](https://www.amydx.uk/). Using the trusty SvelteKit framework. A bit overkill but I know it well by now. Happy with the outcome.
- Announced the [release of my second album ‘Connections’](/posts/connections-by-polar-bites). It’s been five years in the making. I’m very happy with it.
- Setting up a new phone is always a pain. I should have faith in the built in transfer rather than doing everything from scratch. I secretly enjoy it.
- Seeing out the owners of the Sir Robert Peel. A great night with great friends. We got the guitar out and had a singaround. We had to really!
- No visiting Karol this week as we had family plans. Was still nice to host and visit family though.
- Managed to end the week playing Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 with my brother and a friend. I’ve just passed some humorous storytelling and am now facing what I believe to be a pivotal moment of the story (given on how excited both are to see my reaction at this point). I was flattened a few times up until this point but I’m still having great fun.