---
date: 2025-12-29
week: 1
year: 2026
published: 2026-01-05
--- 

- I took the week off as annual leave to get through (and over) the festivities.
- We took Izzy to a local dog field with a friend. She recommended it as it is fenced off and open to the public. It was perfect to see her running around with our friend’s dog. Izzy was nowhere near fast enough to catch up with her new friend.
- I recorded [a quick snippet from one of my tracks “The Path to Better Things”](https://www.instagram.com/p/DS2THD7jPmD/). The song was written in 2023 and will feature in my upcoming album called ‘Connections’.
- Against my better judgement I bought a cheap tripod stand for my digital camcorder. I should’ve researched and bought a proper camera stand. Even a simple adapting screw for a sturdy tablet stand I already own would’ve been a better move.
- Did my annual back-up of my recordings and Doom levels. As I write this I realised I forgot to include the photos from my camera. I didn’t bother backing up any Godot projects or paintings as I haven’t made enough progress to justify the effort.
- We hosted a New Year’s Eve gathering including copious amounts of Duck Game, as it should be. We prepared far too much food and there was enough booze on the table to sink a small ship.
- My sister and brother-in-law hosted a wonderful buffet. It was great catching up with family after the crazy but lovely festive period. There was too much food for someone who’s been eating like it’s his last meal every day for the last three weeks.
- I finished reading “Tiny Experiments” by Anne-Laure Le Cunff. It was a great read and inspired me. I’ve started posting these weekly updates because of the book.
- We went for a walk around Everard’s Meadows. I brought my camera and [took some photos](https://www.instagram.com/p/DTDDRoWDP_B/). It was rather chilly! Izzy enjoyed playing with other doggos.
- I finally recorded the last few takes for my second album ‘Connections’. I recorded some vocals and a guitar solo that I’d missed. I mixed and mastered the tracks. They are now ready to be published.
- A busy Sunday before returning to work. A lovely day taking Izzy out with Karol the guide dog followed by a feast in Oadby, and then an open mic hosted by Liam & Sean at the Plough in Wigston. It was my first time at this venue and the first time playing my Acoustasonic since its new setup.