---
date: 2026-02-02
week: 6
year: 2026
published: 2026-02-09
--- 
- A week off work to celebrate mine and Amy’s four years together. We didn’t plan to go away but we must arrange something soon. A thoroughly nice time taking life at a slower pace but still filled with good stuff.
- We walked to Blaby for hot drinks. It was mostly spent doing admin at the post office. All good fun.
- I prepared the [Countesthorpe Festival Chorus](https://www.countfestchorus.co.uk) registration for the event in March. It will celebrate 25 years of CFC events.
- Me and Amy hit the Hive & Honey in town. It was glorious. The food was incredible. Tapas style dishes. We grabbed hot drinks soon after as I needed a coffee to revive myself from the food coma. A nice time at the Tree too.
- I worked on a new app proposal for another unannounced project. First time using Firebase as a back-end for quick prototyping. Fairly happy with the outcome.
- Met up for a different unannounced project at Jenno’s. A pint of coffee wasn’t the best idea but we had some good discussions and it was nice meeting people that I’d been in contact with for a while for the first time.
- Bradgate Park with Amy. We took Izzy and she loved it. Dogs aren’t allowed off lead but she had a great time. She let it be known she wanted some of my toastie from the café.
- Continued teaching music theory. Some work on typical guitar shapes and triplets in rhythm. An interesting topic but one that gets overlooked.
- Helped my brother with a coding project. I know very little about Dot Net and C# but we got a simple app made in a an hour or so. It was a fun learning experience.
- Headed to the Lancaster Arms outside Desford with a friend. The weather was bitter but they had the fire on. Was a nice catch up.
- Me and Amy continued our theme of challenge eating for the week with a trip to Lime Tree for a nice evening meal.
- Continuing the theme we headed to Axe & Square with family for lunch. Very good and lovely to catch up with everyone.
- Throughout the week I continued app development on the another of my three unannounced projects. This one’s got some beta testers at it so it’s nice to get feedback and fix the glaring issues.
- Had a call going over the prototype I had built earlier in the week and the plan for it.
- Booted up Google Cloud Platform console and got on with some cost saving measures, including consolidating my SSL certificates and adding a CDN to my services, which I thought for some reason would increase the cost. Not sure what the budget will look like in the coming months but was a good exercise in slimming things down.
- Rehearsal with [Amy Dx](https://www.amydx.uk) and her band with my newly acquired Helix Floor. I’d spent hours dialing in the tone before hand. It went really well and my tone was good. It was better when I realised I needed cabinet emulation (I rehearse through the PA).
- Okapi in Blaby for a baby shower for my sister and her expectant twins. A lovely time celebrating with a glorious afternoon tea, continuing the theme of challenge eating for the week. I don’t think I’ll need to eat for another week after that!