---
title: My year in 2024
date: 2025-01-05
tags:
  - Writing
category: Life
slug: my-year-2024
---
It’s been 25 years since the turn of the millennium. How surreal. I wanted a calm 2024 focusing on work, spending time on my creative projects, and spending time reading and playing games. I didn’t hit the mark but I’m making good progress.

## Personal

In 2024 myself and my girlfriend wanted to improve the house. We managed to arrange new doors and windows and install a new shower. The bathroom is in a half finished state but it’s usable and doesn’t leak anymore.

In June we travelled to Stockholm. It was an incredible experience taking in the sights and the delicious restaurants. Taking a boat tour around the archipelago was a highlight. It’s a vast and beautiful place. I also enjoyed the Photography Museum very much.

In July we stayed with friends in Cornwall getting very lucky with the weather despite the occasional but swift downpour. The roads are dire but the beaches and towns are wonderful.

In November we took a weekend to Salford in Manchester for a gig. I wasn’t expecting such a nice place and I enjoyed my time there.

## Work

I continue to learn and be amazed by the talent of my colleagues and consider myself very lucky. I worked on some difficult projects and took the lead to manage a release again.

It’s not been the smoothest year for the company but we had to demonstrate resilience and that’s what we did, adding new processes and procedures to prevent problems in the future.

Despite the bumpy ride I still enjoy my time at work, even though working from home all of the time can be a bit socially isolating (although I more than make up for it after hours!)

## Music

I continued to attend many, many open mics around Leicestershire. I even snuck in a couple of gigs as part of a duo.

In November I was approached by new owners of the Grand Union in Leicester to help with running an open mic. The first few have been very successful and we will continue with this into 2025.

The Countesthorpe Festival Chorus have continued to tick along hosting two come and sings in 2024.

And of course I attended more gigs than I can probably remember. Highlights include Alkaline Trio, Sum 41, Jimmy Eat World and Alien Ant Farm with InMe.

As for my own musical projects - I’ve struggled. I’ve written one song this year and have gotten close to finishing a few more. My second album is close, but it’s always that last bit that takes the longest!

## Coding

In April over the bank holidays I took my time off to write more code (as you do…) and built the Leicester Open Mics app. It was fun to work with Svelte again and build something a bit more bespoke. The app is still small and focused but it’s often used and does its job well.

I continue to maintain a few websites and projects. In October I started making a large Doom level. Looking ahead I would like to get into game development again, but we’ll see…

## Down-time

It’s a familiar story. I have read very little, watched very little, and played games for barely a few hours in 2024. What I have managed has been incredibly fun but I keep yearning for the days where I can sink my time into these things.

I managed some fair reading while I was away on my travels. As the winter holiday season approached I enjoyed playing Pokemon Shining Pearl and Sonic Frontiers, making good progress in the early game for both.

## To 2025

I wanted 2024 to be calm and for me it wasn’t far away from that. In 2025 I want to continue the trend, progress at work, enjoy the down-time, maybe make a few Doom levels, and release that second album.

Small improvements compound over time - I think we all need reminding of this!
